Lua-GD, the gd bindings for the Lua Programming Language
(c) 2004-05 Alexandre Erwin Ittner <aittner@netuno.com.br>


+ Introduction

"gd" is a C graphics library created by Thomas Boutell that allows your
code to quickly draw complete images with lines, polygons, arcs, text,
multiple colors, cut and paste from other images, flood fills, read in
or write out images in the PNG, JPEG or GIF format. This is particularly
useful in World Wide Web applications, where PNG and JPEG are two of the
formats accepted for inline images by most browsers. gd does not provide
for every possible desirable graphics operation. It is not necessary or
desirable for gd to become a kitchen-sink graphics package, but it does
include most frequently requested features, including both truecolor
and palette images, resampling (smooth resizing of truecolor images)
and so forth. You can get more information about gd from it's homepage.

Lua-GD is a "binding": a library that exports gd functions to the Lua
Programming Language, allowing you to use gd from Lua. The API was
NOT literally exported, but changed in a way that make it familiar to
Lua users.

Lua-GD is a programming library, not a paint program. If you are looking
for that or are not familiar to the Lua Programming Language, you are
in the wrong place.


+ Documentation

See doc/index.html for installation instructions and API documentation.


+ License

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public
License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
Lesser General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
License along with this library; if not, write to the
Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330,
Boston, MA 02111-1307, USA.

